---
subcategory: "Batch"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_batch_job_queue"
description: |-
    Provides details about a batch job queue
---

# Data Source: aws_batch_job_queue

The Batch Job Queue data source allows access to details of a specific
job queue within AWS Batch.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.aws as aws
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        aws.data_aws_batch_job_queue.DataAwsBatchJobQueue(self, "test-queue",
            name="tf-test-batch-job-queue"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the job queue.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the job queue.
* `scheduling_policy_arn` - The ARN of the fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute has a value, the job queue uses a fair share scheduling policy. If this attribute does not have a value, the job queue uses a first in, first out (FIFO) scheduling policy.
* `status` - Current status of the job queue (for example, `CREATING` or `VALID`).
* `status_reason` - Short, human-readable string to provide additional details about the current status
    of the job queue.
* `state` - Describes the ability of the queue to accept new jobs (for example, `ENABLED` or `DISABLED`).
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags
* `priority` - Priority of the job queue. Job queues with a higher priority are evaluated first when
    associated with the same compute environment.
* `compute_environment_order` - The compute environments that are attached to the job queue and the order in
    which job placement is preferred. Compute environments are selected for job placement in ascending order.
    * `compute_environment_order.#.order` - The order of the compute environment.
    * `compute_environment_order.#.compute_environment` - The ARN of the compute environment.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1433f42a65f78c4844840900d90d28769a45072aeec6368fe84674a7d25fe0f7 -->