---
subcategory: "VPC (Virtual Private Cloud)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_default_vpc"
description: |-
  Manage a default VPC resource.
---

# Resource: aws_default_vpc

Provides a resource to manage the [default AWS VPC](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonVPC/latest/UserGuide/default-vpc.html)
in the current AWS Region.

If you created your AWS account after 2013-12-04 you have a default VPC in each AWS Region.

**This is an advanced resource** and has special caveats to be aware of when using it. Please read this document in its entirety before using this resource.

The `awsDefaultVpc` resource behaves differently from normal resources in that if a default VPC exists, Terraform does not _create_ this resource, but instead "adopts" it into management.
If no default VPC exists, Terraform creates a new default VPC, which leads to the implicit creation of [other resources](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/userguide/default-vpc.html#default-vpc-components).
By default, `terraform destroy` does not delete the default VPC but does remove the resource from Terraform state.
Set the `forceDestroy` argument to `true` to delete the default VPC.

## Example Usage

Basic usage with tags:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.defaultVpc.DefaultVpc(this, "default", {
      tags: {
        Name: "Default VPC",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The arguments of an `awsDefaultVpc` differ slightly from those of [`awsVpc`](vpc.html):

* The `cidrBlock` and `instanceTenancy` arguments become computed attributes
* The default value for `enableDnsHostnames` is `true`

The following additional arguments are supported:

* `forceDestroy` - (Optional) Whether destroying the resource deletes the default VPC. Default: `false`

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `cidrBlock` - The primary IPv4 CIDR block for the VPC
* `instanceTenancy` - The allowed tenancy of instances launched into the VPC

## Import

Default VPCs can be imported using the `vpc id`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_default_vpc.default vpc-a01106c2
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b36f690c7fb8001927fff79ba087902fe10690a1bd75fbcefbb510dc8d6a03c8 -->