---
subcategory: "DocumentDB"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_docdb_cluster_parameter_group"
description: |-
  Manages a DocumentDB Cluster Parameter Group
---

# Resource: aws_docdb_cluster_parameter_group

Manages a DocumentDB Cluster Parameter Group

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.docdbClusterParameterGroup.DocdbClusterParameterGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        description: "docdb cluster parameter group",
        family: "docdb3.6",
        name: "example",
        parameter: [
          {
            name: "tls",
            value: "enabled",
          },
        ],
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The name of the DocumentDB cluster parameter group. If omitted, Terraform will assign a random, unique name.
* `namePrefix` - (Optional, Forces new resource) Creates a unique name beginning with the specified prefix. Conflicts with `name`.
* `family` - (Required, Forces new resource) The family of the DocumentDB cluster parameter group.
* `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) The description of the DocumentDB cluster parameter group. Defaults to "Managed by Terraform".
* `parameter` - (Optional) A list of DocumentDB parameters to apply. Setting parameters to system default values may show a difference on imported resources.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

Parameter blocks support the following:

~> **NOTE:** These arguments take a `string` representation of their values.

* `name` - (Required) The name of the DocumentDB parameter.
* `value` - (Required) The value of the DocumentDB parameter.
* `applyMethod` - (Optional) Valid values are `immediate` and `pendingReboot`. Defaults to `pendingReboot`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The DocumentDB cluster parameter group name.
* `arn` - The ARN of the DocumentDB cluster parameter group.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

DocumentDB Cluster Parameter Groups can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_docdb_cluster_parameter_group.cluster_pg production-pg-1
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2891f555a1c7d02435f5fc26ef2041bd75dd3ca55466d36e492249015c68ada2 -->