---
subcategory: "ECS (Elastic Container)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecs_account_setting_default"
description: |-
  Provides an ECS Default account setting.
---

# Resource: aws_ecs_account_setting_default

Provides an ECS default account setting for a specific ECS Resource name within a specific region. More information can be found on the [ECS Developer Guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/ecs-account-settings.html).

~> **NOTE:** The AWS API does not delete this resource. When you run `destroy`, the provider will attempt to disable the setting.

~> **NOTE:** Your AWS account may not support disabling `containerInstanceLongArnFormat`, `serviceLongArnFormat`, and `taskLongArnFormat`. If your account does not support disabling these, "destroying" this resource will not disable the setting nor cause a Terraform error. However, the AWS Provider will log an AWS error: `InvalidParameterException: You can no longer disable Long Arn settings`.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.ecsAccountSettingDefault.EcsAccountSettingDefault(this, "test", {
      name: "taskLongArnFormat",
      value: "enabled",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the account setting to set. Valid values are `serviceLongArnFormat`, `taskLongArnFormat`, `containerInstanceLongArnFormat`, `awsvpcTrunking` and `containerInsights`.
* `value` - (Required) State of the setting. Valid values are `enabled` and `disabled`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - ARN that identifies the account setting.
* `prinicpalArn` - ARN that identifies the account setting.

## Import

ECS Account Setting defaults can be imported using the `name`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_ecs_account_setting_default.example taskLongArnFormat
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b609798763235e82b880ad7e0780bc3dde0649d29316c6ffd833a5bedf3e64ea -->