---
subcategory: "Lightsail"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lightsail_lb"
description: |-
  Provides a Lightsail Load Balancer
---

# Resource: aws_lightsail_lb

Creates a Lightsail load balancer resource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.lightsailLb.LightsailLb(this, "test", {
      healthCheckPath: "/",
      instancePort: cdktf.Token.asNumber("80"),
      name: "test-load-balancer",
      tags: {
        foo: "bar",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Lightsail load balancer.
* `instancePort` - (Required) The instance port the load balancer will connect.
* `healthCheckPath` - (Optional) The health check path of the load balancer. Default value "/".
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. To create a key-only tag, use an empty string as the value. If configured with a provider `defaultTags` configuration block present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name used for this load balancer (matches `name`).
* `arn` - The ARN of the Lightsail load balancer.
* `createdAt` - The timestamp when the load balancer was created.
* `dnsName` - The DNS name of the load balancer.
* `protocol` - The protocol of the load balancer.
* `publicPorts` - The public ports of the load balancer.
* `supportCode` - The support code for the database. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about a database in Lightsail. This code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail information more easily.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

`awsLightsailLb` can be imported by using the name attribute, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_lightsail_lb.test example-load-balancer
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-35f38714279d4eff7cf70dd590e98003917e3efdb7bbc323dde1ee8f799fb5d6 -->