---
subcategory: "Lightsail"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lightsail_bucket"
description: |-
  Provides a lightsail bucket
---

# Resource: aws_lightsail_bucket

Provides a lightsail bucket.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.lightsailBucket.LightsailBucket(this, "test", {
      bundleId: "small_1_0",
      name: "mytestbucket",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) The name for the bucket.
* `bundleId` - (Required) - The ID of the bundle to use for the bucket. A bucket bundle specifies the monthly cost, storage space, and data transfer quota for a bucket. Use the [get-bucket-bundles](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/lightsail/get-bucket-bundles.html) cli command to get a list of bundle IDs that you can specify.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. To create a key-only tag, use an empty string as the value. If configured with a provider `defaultTags` configuration block present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The name used for this bucket (matches `name`).
* `arn` - The ARN of the lightsail bucket.
* `availabilityZone` - The resource Availability Zone. Follows the format us-east-2a (case-sensitive).
* `createdAt` - The timestamp when the bucket was created.
* `region` - The Amazon Web Services Region name.
* `supportCode` - The support code for the resource. Include this code in your email to support when you have questions about a resource in Lightsail. This code enables our support team to look up your Lightsail information more easily.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider `defaultTags` configuration block.

## Import

`awsLightsailBucket` can be imported by using the `name` attribute, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_lightsail_bucket.test example-bucket
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f496d40258f7ff5b5f22a7d5baa021e26470e525bc5f4cddbaa33060550ac2bc -->