---
subcategory: "Location"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_location_tracker"
description: |-
    Provides a Location Service Tracker.
---

# Resource: aws_location_tracker

Provides a Location Service Tracker.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.locationTracker.LocationTracker(this, "example", {
      trackerName: "example",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `trackerName` - (Required) The name of the tracker resource.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The optional description for the tracker resource.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional) A key identifier for an AWS KMS customer managed key assigned to the Amazon Location resource.
* `positionFiltering` - (Optional) The position filtering method of the tracker resource. Valid values: `timeBased`, `distanceBased`, `accuracyBased`. Default: `timeBased`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the tracker. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `createTime` - The timestamp for when the tracker resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `trackerArn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the tracker resource. Used when you need to specify a resource across all AWS.
* `updateTime` - The timestamp for when the tracker resource was last updated in ISO 8601 format.

## Import

`awsLocationTracker` resources can be imported using the tracker name, e.g.:

```
$ terraform import aws_location_tracker.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ba2222c1548c66e40472df12c42a529cb082400ae15f8c5e3800a957f072c4f9 -->