---
subcategory: "Elemental MediaConvert"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_media_convert_queue"
description: |-
  Provides an AWS Elemental MediaConvert Queue.
---

# Resource: aws_media_convert_queue

Provides an AWS Elemental MediaConvert Queue.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.mediaConvertQueue.MediaConvertQueue(this, "test", {
      name: "tf-test-queue",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A unique identifier describing the queue
* `description` - (Optional) A description of the queue
* `pricingPlan` - (Optional) Specifies whether the pricing plan for the queue is on-demand or reserved. Valid values are `onDemand` or `reserved`. Default to `onDemand`.
* `reservationPlanSettings` - (Optional) A detail pricing plan of the  reserved queue. See below.
* `status` - (Optional) A status of the queue. Valid values are `active` or `reserved`. Default to `paused`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags to assign to the resource. If configured with a provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### Nested Fields

#### `reservationPlanSettings`

* `commitment` - (Required) The length of the term of your reserved queue pricing plan commitment. Valid value is `oneYear`.
* `renewalType` - (Required) Specifies whether the term of your reserved queue pricing plan. Valid values are `autoRenew` or `expire`.
* `reservedSlots` - (Required) Specifies the number of reserved transcode slots (RTS) for queue.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The same as `name`
* `arn` - The Arn of the queue
* `tagsAll` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`defaultTags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).

## Import

Media Convert Queue can be imported via the queue name, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_media_convert_queue.test tf-test-queue
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-263c13b44a0272c0f76406b2b01ccab53dd94ee752ddd1d85d18c324db0bf924 -->