---
subcategory: "QuickSight"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_quicksight_account_subscription"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.
---

# Resource: aws_quicksight_account_subscription

Terraform resource for managing an AWS QuickSight Account Subscription.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.quicksightAccountSubscription.QuicksightAccountSubscription(
      this,
      "subscription",
      {
        accountName: "quicksight-terraform",
        authenticationMethod: "IAM_AND_QUICKSIGHT",
        edition: "ENTERPRISE",
        notificationEmail: "notification@email.com",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `accountName` - (Required) Name of your Amazon QuickSight account. This name is unique over all of AWS, and it appears only when users sign in.
* `authenticationMethod` - (Required) Method that you want to use to authenticate your Amazon QuickSight account. Currently, the valid values for this parameter are `iamAndQuicksight`, `iamOnly`, and `activeDirectory`.
* `edition` - (Required) Edition of Amazon QuickSight that you want your account to have. Currently, you can choose from `standard`, `enterprise` or `enterpriseAndQ`.
* `notificationEmail` - (Required) Email address that you want Amazon QuickSight to send notifications to regarding your Amazon QuickSight account or Amazon QuickSight subscription.

The following arguments are optional:

* `activeDirectoryName` - (Optional) Name of your Active Directory. This field is required if `activeDirectory` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `adminGroup` - (Optional) Admin group associated with your Active Directory. This field is required if `activeDirectory` is the selected authentication method of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `authorGroup` - (Optional) Author group associated with your Active Directory.
* `awsAccountId` - (Optional) AWS account ID hosting the QuickSight account. Default to provider account.
* `contactNumber` - (Optional) A 10-digit phone number for the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `enterppriseAndQ` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `directoryId` - (Optional) Active Directory ID that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.
* `emailAddress` - (Optional) Email address of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `enterppriseAndQ` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `firstName` - (Optional) First name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `enterppriseAndQ` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `lastName` - (Optional) Last name of the author of the Amazon QuickSight account to use for future communications. This field is required if `enterppriseAndQ` is the selected edition of the new Amazon QuickSight account.
* `readerGroup` - (Optional) Reader group associated with your Active Direcrtory.
* `realm` - (Optional) Realm of the Active Directory that is associated with your Amazon QuickSight account.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `accountSubscriptionStatus` - Status of the Amazon QuickSight account's subscription.

## Timeouts

[Configuration options](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts):

* `create` - (Default `10M`)
* `delete` - (Default `10M`)

## Import

Importing is currently not supported on this resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-571db938bd112fb9740f361a823f9281b11d6b29034d9f03f0fbb619b7e1c9e7 -->