---
subcategory: "Recycle Bin (RBin)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_rbin_rule"
description: |-
  Terraform resource for managing an AWS RBin Rule.
---

# Resource: aws_rbin_rule

Terraform resource for managing an AWS RBin Rule.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.rbinRule.RbinRule(this, "example", {
      description: "example_rule",
      resourceTags: [
        {
          resourceTagKey: "tag_key",
          resourceTagValue: "tag_value",
        },
      ],
      resourceType: "EBS_SNAPSHOT",
      retentionPeriod: {
        retentionPeriodUnit: "DAYS",
        retentionPeriodValue: 10,
      },
      tags: {
        test_tag_key: "test_tag_value",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `resourceType` - (Required) The resource type to be retained by the retention rule. Valid values are `ebsSnapshot` and `ec2Image`.
* `retentionPeriod` - (Required) Information about the retention period for which the retention rule is to retain resources. See [`retentionPeriod`](#retention_period) below.

The following arguments are optional:

* `description` - (Optional) The retention rule description.
* `resourceTags` - (Optional) Specifies the resource tags to use to identify resources that are to be retained by a tag-level retention rule. See [`resourceTags`](#resource_tags) below.
* `lockConfiguration` - (Optional) Information about the retention rule lock configuration. See [`lockConfiguration`](#lock_configuration) below.

### retention_period

The following arguments are required:

* `retentionPeriodUnit` - (Required) The unit of time in which the retention period is measured. Currently, only DAYS is supported.
* `retentionPeriodValue` - (Required) The period value for which the retention rule is to retain resources. The period is measured using the unit specified for RetentionPeriodUnit.

### resource_tags

The following argument is required:

* `resourceTagKey` - (Required) The tag key.

The following argument is optional:

* `resourceTagValue` - (Optional) The tag value.

### lock_configuration

The following argument is required:

* `unlockDelay` - (Required) Information about the retention rule unlock delay. See [`unlockDelay`](#unlock_delay) below.

### unlock_delay

The following arguments are required:

* `unlockDelayUnit` - (Required) The unit of time in which to measure the unlock delay. Currently, the unlock delay can be measure only in days.
* `unlockDelayValue` - (Required) The unlock delay period, measured in the unit specified for UnlockDelayUnit.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - (String) ID of the Rule.
* `lockEndTime` - (Timestamp) The date and time at which the unlock delay is set to expire. Only returned for retention rules that have been unlocked and that are still within the unlock delay period.
* `lockState` - (Optional) The lock state of the retention rules to list. Only retention rules with the specified lock state are returned. Valid values are `locked`, `pendingUnlock`, `unlocked`.
* `status` - (String) The state of the retention rule. Only retention rules that are in the `available` state retain resources. Valid values include `pending` and `available`.

## Import

RBin Rule can be imported using the `id`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_rbin_rule.example examplerule
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-108f967433aea166c3ce615614637a921aca0180cc3671d7c8470e6537b2724e -->