---
subcategory: "Service Quotas"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_servicequotas_service_quota"
description: |-
  Manages an individual Service Quota
---

# Resource: aws_servicequotas_service_quota

Manages an individual Service Quota.

~> **NOTE:** Global quotas apply to all AWS regions, but can only be accessed in `usEast1` in the Commercial partition or `usGovWest1` in the GovCloud partition. In other regions, the AWS API will return the error `The request failed because the specified service does not exist.`

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.servicequotasServiceQuota.ServicequotasServiceQuota(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        quotaCode: "L-F678F1CE",
        serviceCode: "vpc",
        value: 75,
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `quotaCode` - (Required) Code of the service quota to track. For example: `lF678F1Ce`. Available values can be found with the [AWS CLI service-quotas list-service-quotas command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/service-quotas/list-service-quotas.html).
* `serviceCode` - (Required) Code of the service to track. For example: `vpc`. Available values can be found with the [AWS CLI service-quotas list-services command](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/reference/service-quotas/list-services.html).
* `value` - (Required) Float specifying the desired value for the service quota. If the desired value is higher than the current value, a quota increase request is submitted. When a known request is submitted and pending, the value reflects the desired value of the pending request.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `adjustable` - Whether the service quota can be increased.
* `arn` - Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the service quota.
* `defaultValue` - Default value of the service quota.
* `id` - Service code and quota code, separated by a front slash (`/`)
* `quotaName` - Name of the quota.
* `serviceName` - Name of the service.
* `usageMetric` - Information about the measurement.
    * `metricDimensions` - The metric dimensions.
        * `class`
        * `resource`
        * `service`
        * `type`
    * `metricName` - The name of the metric.
    * `metricNamespace` - The namespace of the metric.
    * `metricStatisticRecommendation` - The metric statistic that AWS recommend you use when determining quota usage.

## Import

~> *NOTE* This resource does not require explicit import and will assume management of an existing service quota on Terraform resource creation.

`awsServicequotasServiceQuota` can be imported by using the service code and quota code, separated by a front slash (`/`), e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_servicequotas_service_quota.example vpc/L-F678F1CE
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-beac5b7ff75d3e6da0e92fb103b5d36bb90ce66a11c641b732bd93ab53f6161b -->