---
subcategory: "WorkLink"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_worklink_fleet"
description: |-
  Provides a AWS WorkLink Fleet resource.
---

# Resource: aws_worklink_fleet

## Example Usage

Basic usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.worklinkFleet.WorklinkFleet(this, "example", {
      name: "terraform-example",
    });
  }
}

```

Network Configuration Usage:

```terraform
resource "aws_worklink_fleet" "example" {
  name = "terraform-example"

  network {
    vpc_id             = aws_vpc.test.id
    subnet_ids         = [aws_subnet.test[*].id]
    security_group_ids = [aws_security_group.test.id]
  }
}
```

Identity Provider Configuration Usage:

```terraform
resource "aws_worklink_fleet" "test" {
  name = "tf-worklink-fleet"

  identity_provider {
    type          = "SAML"
    saml_metadata = file("saml-metadata.xml")
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) A region-unique name for the AMI.
* `auditStreamArn` - (Optional) The ARN of the Amazon Kinesis data stream that receives the audit events. Kinesis data stream name must begin with `"amazonWorkLink-"`.
* `deviceCaCertificate` - (Optional) The certificate chain, including intermediate certificates and the root certificate authority certificate used to issue device certificates.
* `identityProvider` - (Optional) Provide this to allow manage the identity provider configuration for the fleet. Fields documented below.
* `displayName` - (Optional) The name of the fleet.
* `network` - (Optional) Provide this to allow manage the company network configuration for the fleet. Fields documented below.
* `optimizeForEndUserLocation` - (Optional) The option to optimize for better performance by routing traffic through the closest AWS Region to users, which may be outside of your home Region. Defaults to `true`.

**network** requires the following:

~> **NOTE:** `network` cannot be removed without force recreating by `terraform taint`.

* `vpcId` - (Required) The VPC ID with connectivity to associated websites.
* `subnetIds` - (Required) A list of subnet IDs used for X-ENI connections from Amazon WorkLink rendering containers.
* `securityGroupIds` - (Required) A list of security group IDs associated with access to the provided subnets.

**identity_provider** requires the following:

~> **NOTE:** `identityProvider` cannot be removed without force recreating by `terraform taint`.

* `type` - (Required) The type of identity provider.
* `samlMetadata` - (Required) The SAML metadata document provided by the customer’s identity provider.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ARN of the created WorkLink Fleet.
* `arn` - The ARN of the created WorkLink Fleet.
* `companyCode` - The identifier used by users to sign in to the Amazon WorkLink app.
* `createdTime` - The time that the fleet was created.
* `lastUpdatedTime` - The time that the fleet was last updated.

## Import

WorkLink can be imported using the ARN, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_worklink_fleet.test arn:aws:worklink::123456789012:fleet/example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7455281465835bd5dc1e7bb46b5f9894cb24f55ccf0fc5d152185b8e4a4754c4 -->