---
subcategory: "Cost and Usage Report"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cur_report_definition"
description: |-
  Provides a Cost and Usage Report Definition.
---

# Resource: aws_cur_report_definition

Manages Cost and Usage Report Definitions.

~> *NOTE:* The AWS Cost and Usage Report service is only available in `us-east-1` currently.

~> *NOTE:* If AWS Organizations is enabled, only the master account can use this resource.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.aws as aws
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        aws.cur_report_definition.CurReportDefinition(self, "example_cur_report_definition",
            additional_artifacts=["REDSHIFT", "QUICKSIGHT"],
            additional_schema_elements=["RESOURCES"],
            compression="GZIP",
            format="textORcsv",
            report_name="example-cur-report-definition",
            s3_bucket="example-bucket-name",
            s3_region="us-east-1",
            time_unit="HOURLY"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `report_name` - (Required) Unique name for the report. Must start with a number/letter and is case sensitive. Limited to 256 characters.
* `time_unit` - (Required) The frequency on which report data are measured and displayed.  Valid values are: `DAILY`, `HOURLY`, `MONTHLY`.
* `format` - (Required) Format for report. Valid values are: `textORcsv`, `Parquet`. If `Parquet` is used, then Compression must also be `Parquet`.
* `compression` - (Required) Compression format for report. Valid values are: `GZIP`, `ZIP`, `Parquet`. If `Parquet` is used, then format must also be `Parquet`.
* `additional_schema_elements` - (Required) A list of schema elements. Valid values are: `RESOURCES`.
* `s3_bucket` - (Required) Name of the existing S3 bucket to hold generated reports.
* `s3_prefix` - (Optional) Report path prefix. Limited to 256 characters.
* `s3_region` - (Required) Region of the existing S3 bucket to hold generated reports.
* `additional_artifacts` - (Required) A list of additional artifacts. Valid values are: `REDSHIFT`, `QUICKSIGHT`, `ATHENA`. When ATHENA exists within additional_artifacts, no other artifact type can be declared and report_versioning must be `OVERWRITE_REPORT`.
* `refresh_closed_reports` - (Optional) Set to true to update your reports after they have been finalized if AWS detects charges related to previous months.
* `report_versioning` - (Optional) Overwrite the previous version of each report or to deliver the report in addition to the previous versions. Valid values are: `CREATE_NEW_REPORT` and `OVERWRITE_REPORT`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) specifying the cur report.

## Import

Report Definitions can be imported using the `report_name`, e.g.,

```
$ terraform import aws_cur_report_definition.example_cur_report_definition example-cur-report-definition
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-be42dc27373865416ae7251cf4f61d7916661ba0729395dfc3f486e03cf21b81 -->