---
subcategory: "Location"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_location_place_index"
description: |-
    Provides a Location Service Place Index.
---

# Resource: aws_location_place_index

Provides a Location Service Place Index.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.aws as aws
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        aws.location_place_index.LocationPlaceIndex(self, "example",
            data_source="Here",
            index_name="example"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `data_source` - (Required) Specifies the geospatial data provider for the new place index.
* `index_name` - (Required) The name of the place index resource.

The following arguments are optional:

* `data_source_configuration` - (Optional) Configuration block with the data storage option chosen for requesting Places. Detailed below.
* `description` - (Optional) The optional description for the place index resource.
* `tags` - (Optional) Key-value tags for the place index. If configured with a provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block) present, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider-level.

### data_source_configuration

The following arguments are optional:

* `intended_use` - (Optional) Specifies how the results of an operation will be stored by the caller. Valid values: `SingleUse`, `Storage`. Default: `SingleUse`.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `create_time` - The timestamp for when the place index resource was created in ISO 8601 format.
* `index_arn` - The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) for the place index resource. Used to specify a resource across AWS.
* `tags_all` - A map of tags assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [`default_tags` configuration block](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#default_tags-configuration-block).
* `update_time` - The timestamp for when the place index resource was last update in ISO 8601.

## Import

`aws_location_place_index` resources can be imported using the place index name, e.g.:

```
$ terraform import aws_location_place_index.example example
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-dfabc6739095a36eb7b196eace049d25cbe8bfedba5874a109a994471287f0b8 -->