---
subcategory: "CloudFront"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudfront_distribution"
description: |-
  Provides a CloudFront web distribution data source.
---

# Data source: aws_cloudfront_distribution

Use this data source to retrieve information about a CloudFront distribution.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsCloudfrontDistribution.DataAwsCloudfrontDistribution(
      this,
      "test",
      {
        id: "EDFDVBD632BHDS5",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `id` - Identifier for the distribution. For example: `edfdvbd632Bhds5`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - Identifier for the distribution. For example: `edfdvbd632Bhds5`.

* `aliases` - List that contains information about CNAMEs (alternate domain names), if any, for this distribution.

* `arn` - ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the distribution. For example: arn:aws:cloudfront::123456789012:distribution/EDFDVBD632BHDS5, where 123456789012 is your AWS account ID.

* `status` - Current status of the distribution. `deployed` if the
    distribution's information is fully propagated throughout the Amazon
    CloudFront system.

* `domainName` - Domain name corresponding to the distribution. For
    example: `d604721Fxaaqy9CloudfrontNet`.

* `lastModifiedTime` - Date and time the distribution was last modified.

* `inProgressValidationBatches` - The number of invalidation batches
    currently in progress.

* `etag` - Current version of the distribution's information. For example:
    `e2Qwruhapomqzl`.

* `hostedZoneId` - CloudFront Route 53 zone ID that can be used to
     route an [Alias Resource Record Set][7] to. This attribute is simply an
     alias for the zone ID `z2Fdtndataqyw2`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-78b038474144265fc27c4a5a3bce43fa93f92fc95bc270ef5303de557cfb8c55 -->