---
subcategory: "CloudFormation"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_cloudformation_type"
description: |-
    Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.
---

# Data Source: aws_cloudformation_type

Provides details about a CloudFormation Type.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsCloudformationType.DataAwsCloudformationType(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        type: "RESOURCE",
        typeName: "AWS::Athena::WorkGroup",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `arn` - (Optional) ARN of the CloudFormation Type. For example, `arn:aws:cloudformation:usWest2::type/resource/awsEc2Vpc`.
* `type` - (Optional) CloudFormation Registry Type. For example, `resource`.
* `typeName` - (Optional) CloudFormation Type name. For example, `aws::ec2::vpc`.
* `versionId` - (Optional) Identifier of the CloudFormation Type version.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `defaultVersionId` - Identifier of the CloudFormation Type default version.
* `deprecatedStatus` - Deprecation status of the CloudFormation Type.
* `description` - Description of the CloudFormation Type.
* `documentationUrl` - URL of the documentation for the CloudFormation Type.
* `executionRoleArn` - ARN of the IAM Role used to register the CloudFormation Type.
* `isDefaultVersion` - Whether the CloudFormation Type version is the default version.
* `loggingConfig` - List of objects containing logging configuration.
    * `logGroupName` - Name of the CloudWatch Log Group where CloudFormation sends error logging information when invoking the type's handlers.
    * `logRoleArn` - ARN of the IAM Role CloudFormation assumes when sending error logging information to CloudWatch Logs.
* `provisioningType` - Provisioning behavior of the CloudFormation Type.
* `schema` - JSON document of the CloudFormation Type schema.
* `sourceUrl` - URL of the source code for the CloudFormation Type.
* `visibility` - Scope of the CloudFormation Type.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-09299640878089030d9480f24931ad5e15ccc78f2ba551cebe009346c219dc74 -->