---
subcategory: "Connect"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_connect_quick_connect"
description: |-
  Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Quick Connect.
---

# Data Source: aws_connect_quick_connect

Provides details about a specific Amazon Connect Quick Connect.

## Example Usage

By `name`

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsConnectQuickConnect.DataAwsConnectQuickConnect(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
        name: "Example",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

By `quickConnectId`

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsConnectQuickConnect.DataAwsConnectQuickConnect(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        instanceId: "aaaaaaaa-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
        quickConnectId: "cccccccc-bbbb-cccc-dddd-111111111111",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

~> **NOTE:** `instanceId` and one of either `name` or `quickConnectId` is required.

The following arguments are supported:

* `quickConnectId` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific Quick Connect by Quick Connect id
* `instanceId` - (Required) Reference to the hosting Amazon Connect Instance
* `name` - (Optional) Returns information on a specific Quick Connect by name

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all of the arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - ARN of the Quick Connect.
* `description` - Description of the Quick Connect.
* `id` - Identifier of the hosting Amazon Connect Instance and identifier of the Quick Connect separated by a colon (`:`).
* `quickConnectConfig` - A block that defines the configuration information for the Quick Connect: `quickConnectType` and one of `phoneConfig`, `queueConfig`, `userConfig` . The Quick Connect Config block is documented below.
* `quickConnectId` - Identifier for the Quick Connect.
* `tags` - Map of tags to assign to the Quick Connect.

A `quickConnectConfig` block contains the following arguments:

* `quickConnectType` - Configuration type of the Quick Connect. Valid values are `phoneNumber`, `queue`, `user`.
* `phoneConfig` - Phone configuration of the Quick Connect. This is returned only if `quickConnectType` is `phoneNumber`. The `phoneConfig` block is documented below.
* `queueConfig` - Queue configuration of the Quick Connect. This is returned only if `quickConnectType` is `queue`. The `queueConfig` block is documented below.
* `userConfig` - User configuration of the Quick Connect. This is returned only if `quickConnectType` is `user`. The `userConfig` block is documented below.

A `phoneConfig` block contains the following arguments:

* `phoneNumber` - Phone number in in E.164 format.

A `queueConfig` block contains the following arguments:

* `contactFlowId` - Identifier of the contact flow.
* `queueId` - Identifier for the queue.

A `userConfig` block contains the following arguments:

* `contactFlowId` - Identifier of the contact flow.
* `userId` - Identifier for the user.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-51dd3353a211d0e89ca34836f9c5e4701529edc4cfbcb9c592bfcbf51c7eb4eb -->