---
subcategory: "ECR (Elastic Container Registry)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_ecr_repository"
description: |-
    Provides details about an ECR Repository
---

# Data Source: aws_ecr_repository

The ECR Repository data source allows the ARN, Repository URI and Registry ID to be retrieved for an ECR repository.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsEcrRepository.DataAwsEcrRepository(this, "service", {
      name: "ecr-repository",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the ECR Repository.
* `registryId` - (Optional) Registry ID where the repository was created.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - Full ARN of the repository.
* `encryptionConfiguration` - Encryption configuration for the repository. See [Encryption Configuration](#encryption-configuration) below.
* `imageScanningConfiguration` - Configuration block that defines image scanning configuration for the repository. See [Image Scanning Configuration](#image-scanning-configuration) below.
* `imageTagMutability` - The tag mutability setting for the repository.
* `mostRecentImageTags` - List of image tags associated with the most recently pushed image in the repository.
* `repositoryUrl` - URL of the repository (in the form `awsAccountIdDkrEcrRegionAmazonawsCom/repositoryName`).
* `tags` - Map of tags assigned to the resource.

### Encryption Configuration

* `encryptionType` - Encryption type to use for the repository, either `aes256` or `kms`.
* `kmsKey` - If `encryptionType` is `kms`, the ARN of the KMS key used.

### Image Scanning Configuration

* `scanOnPush` - Whether images are scanned after being pushed to the repository.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6d9264b6b95917d079963b972d46c552c821b7f361bfc79836b91d21704347f3 -->