---
subcategory: "EC2 Image Builder"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration"
description: |-
    Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration
---

# Data Source: aws_imagebuilder_infrastructure_configuration

Provides details about an Image Builder Infrastructure Configuration.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration.DataAwsImagebuilderInfrastructureConfiguration(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        arn: "arn:aws:imagebuilder:us-west-2:aws:infrastructure-configuration/example",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `arn` - (Required) ARN of the infrastructure configuration.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `dateCreated` - Date the infrastructure configuration was created.
* `dateCreated` - Date the infrastructure configuration was updated.
* `description` - Description of the infrastructure configuration.
* `instanceMetadataOptions` - Nested list of instance metadata options for the HTTP requests that pipeline builds use to launch EC2 build and test instances.
    * `httpPutResponseHopLimit` - Number of hops that an instance can traverse to reach its destonation.
    * `httpTokens` - Whether a signed token is required for instance metadata retrieval requests.
* `instanceProfileName` - Name of the IAM Instance Profile associated with the configuration.
* `instanceTypes` - Set of EC2 Instance Types associated with the configuration.
* `keyPair` - Name of the EC2 Key Pair associated with the configuration.
* `logging` - Nested list of logging settings.
    * `s3Logs` - Nested list of S3 logs settings.
        * `s3BucketName` - Name of the S3 Bucket for logging.
        * `s3KeyPrefix` - Key prefix for S3 Bucket logging.
* `name` - Name of the infrastructure configuration.
* `resourceTags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure created by the infrastructure configuration.
* `securityGroupIds` - Set of EC2 Security Group identifiers associated with the configuration.
* `snsTopicArn` - ARN of the SNS Topic associated with the configuration.
* `subnetId` - Identifier of the EC2 Subnet associated with the configuration.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the infrastructure configuration.
* `terminateInstanceOnFailure` - Whether instances are terminated on failure.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-e0c141548b8222f1bc10b73ce9a655c724534cd3b2ac269a9bd2114de5b6c34b -->