---
subcategory: "Lake Formation"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_lakeformation_data_lake_settings"
description: |-
    Get data lake administrators and default database and table permissions
---

# Data Source: aws_lakeformation_data_lake_settings

Get Lake Formation principals designated as data lake administrators and lists of principal permission entries for default create database and default create table permissions.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsLakeformationDataLakeSettings.DataAwsLakeformationDataLakeSettings(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        catalogId: "14916253649",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `catalogId` – (Optional) Identifier for the Data Catalog. By default, the account ID.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to arguments above, the following attributes are exported.

* `admins` – List of ARNs of AWS Lake Formation principals (IAM users or roles).
* `createDatabaseDefaultPermissions` - Up to three configuration blocks of principal permissions for default create database permissions. Detailed below.
* `createTableDefaultPermissions` - Up to three configuration blocks of principal permissions for default create table permissions. Detailed below.
* `trustedResourceOwners` – List of the resource-owning account IDs that the caller's account can use to share their user access details (user ARNs).
* `allowExternalDataFiltering` - Whether to allow Amazon EMR clusters to access data managed by Lake Formation.
* `externalDataFilteringAllowList` - A list of the account IDs of Amazon Web Services accounts with Amazon EMR clusters that are to perform data filtering.
* `authorizedSessionTagValueList` - Lake Formation relies on a privileged process secured by Amazon EMR or the third party integrator to tag the user's role while assuming it.

### create_database_default_permissions

* `permissions` - List of permissions granted to the principal.
* `principal` - Principal who is granted permissions.

### create_table_default_permissions

* `permissions` - List of permissions granted to the principal.
* `principal` - Principal who is granted permissions.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-3f6f8c3f500e624bd03863c10fdc6daebdf3717e37c0ad048bb99ff7e582d6b3 -->