---
subcategory: "Route 53 Resolver"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group"
description: |-
    Retrieves the specified firewall rule group.
---

# Data Source: aws_route53_resolver_firewall_rule_group

`awsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroup` Retrieves the specified firewall rule group.

This data source allows to retrieve details about a specific a Route 53 Resolver DNS Firewall rule group.

## Example Usage

The following example shows how to get a firewall rule group from its ID.

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroup.DataAwsRoute53ResolverFirewallRuleGroup(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        firewallRuleGroupId: "rslvr-frg-example",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `firewallRuleGroupId` - (Required) The ID of the rule group.

The following attribute is additionally exported:

* `arn` - The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) of the rule group.
* `creationTime` - The date and time that the rule group was created, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `creatorRequestId` - A unique string defined by you to identify the request.
* `name` - The name of the rule group.
* `modificationTime` - The date and time that the rule group was last modified, in Unix time format and Coordinated Universal Time (UTC).
* `ownerId` - The Amazon Web Services account ID for the account that created the rule group. When a rule group is shared with your account, this is the account that has shared the rule group with you.
* `ruleCount` - The number of rules in the rule group.
* `shareStatus` - Whether the rule group is shared with other Amazon Web Services accounts, or was shared with the current account by another Amazon Web Services account.
* `status` - The status of the rule group.
* `statusMessage` - Additional information about the status of the rule group, if available.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-472d18e53a4acc66b8fb9f05bea99d5b96b2b4c83c2cdc01e472235760993460 -->