---
subcategory: "SESv2 (Simple Email V2)"
layout: "aws"
page_title: "AWS: aws_sesv2_configuration_set"
description: |-
  Terraform data source for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.
---

# Data Source: aws_sesv2_configuration_set

Terraform data source for managing an AWS SESv2 (Simple Email V2) Configuration Set.

## Example Usage

### Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as aws from "./.gen/providers/aws";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new aws.dataAwsSesv2ConfigurationSet.DataAwsSesv2ConfigurationSet(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        configurationSetName: "example",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are required:

* `configurationSetName` - (Required) The name of the configuration set.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `deliveryOptions` - An object that defines the dedicated IP pool that is used to send emails that you send using the configuration set.
    * `sendingPoolName` - The name of the dedicated IP pool to associate with the configuration set.
    * `tlsPolicy` - Specifies whether messages that use the configuration set are required to use Transport Layer Security (TLS).
* `reputationOptions` - An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES collects reputation metrics for the emails that you send that use the configuration set.
    * `lastFreshStart` - The date and time (in Unix time) when the reputation metrics were last given a fresh start.
    * `reputationMetricsEnabled` - Specifies whether tracking of reputation metrics is enabled.
* `sendingOptions` - An object that defines whether or not Amazon SES can send email that you send using the configuration set.
    * `sendingEnabled` - Specifies whether email sending is enabled.
* `suppressionOptions` - An object that contains information about the suppression list preferences for your account.
    * `suppressedReasons` - A list that contains the reasons that email addresses are automatically added to the suppression list for your account.
* `tags` - Key-value map of resource tags for the container recipe.
* `trackingOptions` - An object that defines the open and click tracking options for emails that you send using the configuration set.
    * `customRedirectDomain` - The domain to use for tracking open and click events.
* `vdmOptions` - An object that contains information about the VDM preferences for your configuration set.
    * `dashboardOptions` - Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Dashboard.
        * `engagementMetrics` - Specifies the status of your VDM engagement metrics collection.
    * `guardianOptions` - Specifies additional settings for your VDM configuration as applicable to the Guardian.
        * `optimizedSharedDelivery` - Specifies the status of your VDM optimized shared delivery.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a87088f4dde68cb2cf288765dfb2556927ba303c56386da6e8ac66957ce3d7ae -->